Ignore Reputation Scripts Offset error Xsup 17626 (#22941)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_10_23.md

#### Scripts
##### URLReputation

> - Fixed an issue where using the script together with VirusTotal integration would return an error.
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.9.40422*.
> 
> ##### FileReputation
> - Fixed an issue where using the script together with VirusTotal integration would return an error.
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.9.40422*.
> 
> ##### DomainReputation
> - Fixed an issue where using the script together with VirusTotal integration would return an error.

Reviewer: This issue is caused by [this feature](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/integrations/api_execution_metric_reporting), which happens to be used in VT.
 
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where using the script together with integrations implementing API Execution Metric Reporting would return an error.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.9.40422*.

##### FileReputation
- Fixed an issue where using the script together with integrations implementing API Execution Metric Reporting would return an error.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.9.40422*.

##### DomainReputation
- Fixed an issue where using the script together with integrations implementing API Execution Metric Reporting would return an error.
```
